W-14164266-small-fixes-duke (#194)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/troubleshooting.adoc

= Troubleshooting
:page-aliases: manage-web-ide-instance.adoc

include::reuse::partial$beta-banner.adoc[tag="anypoint-code-builder"]

//LOGO (web, desktop, or both)
include::partial$acb-ide-logos.adoc[tags="both-ides"]

Troubleshoot errors and warnings you receive when using Anypoint Code Builder:

* xref:troubleshoot-loading-errors.adoc[]
* xref:troubleshoot-mule-runtime-errors.adoc[]
+

> For other issues and workarounds, see xref:acb-release-notes.adoc#known-issues[Known Issues] in Anypoint Code Builder Release Notes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For other issues and workarounds, see xref:acb-release-notes.adoc#known-issues[Known Issues] in the Anypoint Code Builder Release Notes.
```

For tasks that support the troubleshooting process, see:

* <<export-troubleshooting-info>>
* <<manage-cloud>>

[[export-troubleshooting-info]]
== Export Troubleshooting Information

If the MuleSoft support team requests troubleshooting information about your project, export a compressed file that contains your project's workspace folders, logs, and information about environment variables, CPU, operating system, and system properties.

//step to open command palette:
include::partial$acb-reusable-steps.adoc[tags="open-command-palette"]
. Provide this command:
+
[source, command]
----
MuleSoft: Export Troubleshooting Information
----
. When you receive a notification about the information that the command extracts, click *Continue*. 
+

> When the process is complete the IDE provides this message:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the process is complete, the IDE shows this message:
```

Author: I've been wondering if "shows" is accessible terminology. Asked (internally) and answered.

+
----
Collecting information...: Generating compressed file
----
. Click *Open folder* to locate the file. 
+

> The command places the file in your home directory. The filename begins with the prefix `acb-troubleshooting`. For example, `/Users/me/acb-troubleshooting-w9ffppmq.tar.gz`.

Reviewer: begin and prefix say the same thing?

Author: done

> The command places the file in your home directory. The filename begins with the prefix `acb-troubleshooting`. For example, `/Users/me/acb-troubleshooting-w9ffppmq.tar.gz`.

Author: ```suggestion
The command places the file in your home directory. The filename has the prefix `acb-troubleshooting`. For example, `/Users/me/acb-troubleshooting-w9ffppmq.tar.gz`.
```

. Provide a copy of the file to the support team. 

[[manage-cloud]]
== Manage Your Cloud IDE Instance

> Manage your cloud IDE instances directly from the Anypoint Code Builder in Anypoint Platform.

Author: ```suggestion
Manage your cloud IDE instance directly from the Anypoint Code Builder in Anypoint Platform.
```

> image::web-ide-management-central-page.png[]

Reviewer: alt text

Author: dang! thx for noticing these omissions

Author: ```suggestion
image::web-ide-management-central-page.png["Cloud IDE management page"]
```

[calloutlist]

> . *Version and IDE Details*: +

Reviewer: Global: put + on a separate line.

Author: done

> . *Version and IDE Details*: +

Author: ```suggestion
. *Version and IDE Details*: 
+
```

> Shows the version of your Anypoint Code Builder cloud IDE instance. You can additionally hover over *View IDE Details* for a few internal details of your cloud IDE instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shows the version of your Anypoint Code Builder cloud IDE instance. You can hover over *View IDE Details* to view some internal details about your cloud IDE instance:
```

* *Image*: The ID of the image of your cloud IDE instance.
* *URL*: The URL to directly access your cloud IDE instance. +
This URL is necessary to ping your locally deployed Mule application when debugging.
* *Created at*: Date and time of the creation of the cloud IDE instance.

> . *Reboot*: Reboots your cloud IDE instance.

Reviewer: parallel list items

Author: Yeah, just avoiding wordiness, but prob there's an simple way that I haven't considered.

> . *Reboot*: Reboots your cloud IDE instance.

Author: ```suggestion
. *Reboot*: Button for rebooting your cloud IDE instance.
```

> . *Delete*: Deletes your cloud IDE instance.

Author: ```suggestion
. *Delete*: Button for deleting your cloud IDE instance.
```
